feat(card): add `large` size and `space` option to footer (#312)
globalbrain/sefirot: docs/components/card.md

}
```

### Spacing

Same as, `<SCardBlock>`, `<SCardFooter>` also comes with `:space` props that lets you control the padding of the block. You may pass either `compact` or `wide` as a value.

```ts
interface Props {
  space?: 'compact' | 'wide'
}
```

```vue-html
<SCard>
  <SCardFooter space="compact">
    ...
  </SCardFooter>
</SCard>
```

> To ensure consistent spacing across the application, you should adjust the spacing based on the size of the `<SCard>` component. Consider using the `compact` class for card widths smaller than `640px` and the `wide` class for larger widths.

Reviewer: Since these are props, not classes, I think _setting_ or _value_ makes sense here 😉 

```suggestion
To ensure consistent spacing across the application, you should adjust the `space` setting based on the size of the `<SCard>` component. Consider using the `compact` setting for card widths smaller than `640px` and the `wide` setting for larger widths.
```
